<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_check_cold_solder_joints">
  <title>Fix for Cold Solder Joints</title>
  <shortdesc>
    Identify weak solder connections and reheat them to restore signal continuity.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>
        You need a soldering iron heated to 650-700°F.
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <context>
      <p>
        Cold solder joints create weak connections that cause intermittent or complete signal loss. You can identify these faulty joints by their appearance and fix them by reheating.
      </p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Inspect all solder joints for signs of poor bonding.
        </cmd>
        <info>
          Look for these indicators of cold joints:
          <ul>
            <li>Dull gray appearance instead of shiny silver</li>
            <li>Grainy or crystalline texture</li>
            <li>Blob-like formations with visible gaps</li>
            <li>Cracks around the connection</li>
          </ul>
        </info>
        <stepresult>
          Cold joints look distinctly different from properly flowed solder.
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Reheat each cold joint until the solder melts completely and flows around both the wire and lug.
        </cmd>
        <stepresult>
          Properly reflowed solder appears shiny and smooth with no gaps.
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Gently pull each wire to verify the solder connection holds firmly.
        </cmd>
        <stepresult>
          The wire should not move or detach from the lug.
        </stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>
        If sound is restored after reheating, cold solder joints caused the problem.
      </p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
</task>