<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_check_shorts_hot_ground">
  <title>Fix Shorts Between Hot and Ground</title>
  <shortdesc>
    Identify and remove short circuits that occur when hot wires accidentally contact grounded surfaces.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>
        You need a soldering iron, solder wick or desoldering pump, and wire cutters.
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Inspect solder connections for shorts to ground.
        </cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Look for loose wire strands bridging from hot lugs to the pot casing or output jack sleeve.
            </cmd>
            <stepresult>
              Stray copper strands appear as thin filaments touching metal surfaces.
            </stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Check for solder blobs connecting hot terminals to grounded surfaces.
            </cmd>
            <stepresult>
              Excess solder may create bridges between adjacent lugs or to the pot casing.
            </stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Verify capacitor leads do not touch the pot casing or control plate.
            </cmd>
            <stepresult>
              Bent or long leads may accidentally contact grounded metal.
            </stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Remove any shorts you find.
        </cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>
            Trim stray wire strands with wire cutters.
          </choice>
          <choice>
            Remove excess solder with solder wick or desoldering pump.
          </choice>
          <choice>
            Bend capacitor leads away from grounded surfaces.
          </choice>
        </choices>
        <stepresult>
          The hot connection should have no contact with grounded surfaces.
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Re-solder any connections that required trimming or cleaning.
        </cmd>
        <stepresult>
          Fresh solder should be shiny and smooth with no bridges to ground.
        </stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>
        If sound is restored after removing shorts, accidental grounding caused the problem.
      </p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
</task>