<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_install_circuit">
  <title>Install the Circuit into the Guitar Body</title>
  <shortdesc>
    Mount the tested circuit components into the guitar body and reconnect the pickup and output jack.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>
        You need a soldering iron heated to 650-700°F, a screwdriver, and a successfully tested circuit.
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Desolder the pickup and output jack from the circuit.
        </cmd>
        <substeps audience="novice">
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Desolder the pickup wires from the volume potentiometer.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Desolder the wires from the output jack.
            </cmd>
            <info>
              Disconnect at the output jack itself, not at the volume potentiometer.
            </info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Mount the components in the guitar body.
        </cmd>
        <substeps audience="novice">
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Screw the pickup into its slot and route the wires into the electronics cavity.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Insert the potentiometers into their mounting holes in the electronics cavity and tighten the mounting nuts.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Slide the knob caps onto the pot knobs.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Route the output jack wires through the output jack hole in the body.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Reconnect the pickup and output jack.
        </cmd>
        <!-- check from this part -->
        <substeps audience="novice">
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Solder the pickup wires to the volume potentiometer.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Solder the wires to the output jack.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step audience="expert">
        <cmd>
          Solder the bridge ground wire to the volume pot casing.
        </cmd>
        <info>
          If your guitar does not have a bridge ground wire, you'll need to cut and install one
          yourself.
        </info>
      </step>
      <step audience="novice">
        <cmd>
          While not pictured in the diagram, your guitar body should have a wire running from one
          of the bridge peg slots into the electronics cavity. Solder the end of that wire (in the
          electronics cavity) to the volume pot casing.
        </cmd>
        <info>
          If your guitar body does not have this wire, perform the following substeps to create
          one:
        </info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Cut and strip the ends off one more black wire, at least 6 inches long.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Run the wire from the electronics cavity into the bridge slot through the small
              hole in the cavity wall.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Fray the end of the wire in the bridge slot and press the frays into the wall.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Solder the other end to the volume pot casing.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>
        Your circuit is now installed in the guitar body with all connections properly grounded.
      </p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
</task>