<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_prep_materials">
  <title>Prepare Wiring Components</title>
  <shortdesc>
    Cut, strip, label, and tin all wires and components before soldering the circuit together.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>
        You need a soldering iron heated to 650-700°F, wire cutters, wire stripper, permanent marker, electrical tape, and all circuit components.
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <context>
      <p>
        Complete all wire preparation before you begin soldering. This makes assembly faster and helps prevent wiring mistakes.
      </p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Identify the pickup hot and ground wires.
        </cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>
            If your pickup has two wires (2-conductor):
            <ul>
              <li>Black wire is hot</li>
              <li>White wire is ground</li>
            </ul>
          </choice>
          <choice>
            If your pickup has four wires (4-conductor):
            <ul>
              <li>Black wire is hot</li>
              <li>Yellow or green wire is ground</li>
            </ul>
          </choice>
        </choices>
        <info>
          <note type="attention">For 4-conductor pickups: Solder the two unused wires together and wrap them with electrical tape. Unwrapped wires cause noise and weak sound.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Orient both potentiometers with the shafts facing down and lugs facing up.
        </cmd>
        <info audience="novice">
          Position lug 3 on the left side of each potentiometer.
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Label one potentiometer casing "V" for volume and the other "T" for tone.
        </cmd>
        <info audience="novice">
          Use a permanent marker on the back of the casings. Either potentiometer can serve as volume or tone.
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Cut and strip four connection wires.
        </cmd>
        <substeps audience="novice">
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Cut two 3.5-inch black wires and two 3.5-inch red wires from your stranded wire spool.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Strip 1/4 inch of insulation from each end of all four wires.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Prepare the jumper wire from solid core wire.
        </cmd>
        <substeps audience="novice">
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Strip 1 inch of insulation from the end of the solid core wire spool.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Cut the stripped section in half to create a 0.5-inch bare wire.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Tin all wire ends.
        </cmd>
        <substeps audience="novice">
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Apply a thin coat of solder to the stripped ends of the four connection wires.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Apply a thin coat of solder to both ends of the 0.5-inch jumper wire.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              Apply a thin coat of solder to the pickup hot and ground wire ends.
            </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <info>
          Tinning coats the wire with solder, making it easier to create strong solder joints.
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Trim the capacitor leads to 0.5 inches if they are longer.
        </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>
        All components are prepared and ready for soldering.
      </p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
