<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_troubleshoot_weak_no_sound">
  <title>Troubleshoot Weak or No Sound</title>
  <shortdesc>Diagnose and fix weak or absent sound in your guitar circuit by systematically checking common failure points.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>If your guitar circuit produces weak or no sound, work through each of the following troubleshooting steps in order. Each step tests a different potential cause of the problem.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Test for faulty humbucker or output jack.</cmd>
        <info>There's a problem with the pickup itself or the output jack.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>De-solder the humbucker.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Disconnect the wires from the output jack.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Re-solder the humbucker directly to the output jack.</cmd>
            <info>
              <ul>
                <li>Solder the hot wire to the Tip Lug.</li>
                <li>Solder the ground wire to the Sleeve Lug.</li>
              </ul>
            </info>
            <stepresult>If the circuit produces sound with a direct connection, the problem is with the pots.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>
              If the problem persists, solder a different humbucker to the output jack.
            </cmd>
            <stepresult>If the circuit produces sound, it's a faulty humbucker. If the problem persists, it's a faulty output jack and you need to replace it.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If the problem persists after testing the humbucker and output jack, check for miswired connections.</cmd>
        <info>Hot wire may be accidentally soldered to ground, or lugs may be mixed up on the pots or jack.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Double-check wiring against the wiring diagram.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Re-route any misplaced wires.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Test the circuit by plugging into an amplifier.</cmd>
            <stepresult>If sound is restored, the problem was miswired connections.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If the problem persists, check for cold solder joints.</cmd>
        <info>Solder didn't fully bond to the lug or casing (dull, grainy, or blobbed look).</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Reheat the joint until the solder flows smoothly and makes good contact.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Verify solid solder connections by  tugging on the wires slightly.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Test the circuit by plugging into an amplifier.</cmd>
            <stepresult>If sound is restored, the problem was cold solder joints.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If the problem persists, check for shorts between hot and ground.</cmd>
        <info>A stray strand of wire, solder blob, or capacitor lead may be touching a grounding point.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Inspect the circuit for accidental contact.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>If there is accidental contact, re-solder as needed.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Clean excess solder.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Test the circuit by plugging into an amplifier.</cmd>
            <stepresult>If sound is restored, the problem was a short circuit.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If the problem persists, verify the pickup is properly grounded and connected.</cmd>
        <info>Wrong color wires may be used for hot and ground, or coil leads may not be joined correctly.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Check the manufacturer's wiring.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Verify that the series link wires are joined properly and insulated with electrical tape.</cmd>
            <info>These are the wires you soldered together to create the series connection.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Test the circuit by plugging into an amplifier.</cmd>
            <stepresult>If sound is restored, the problem was improper pickup grounding or connection.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If none of the previous steps resolve the problem, replace the damaged potentiometer.</cmd>
        <info>You have likely fried the carbon track on one or both of the pots. The only solution is to replace the pot(s).
          <note type="important">Ensure your soldering iron reaches at least 360 degrees Celsius to limit the amount of time the iron is in contact with the carbon track. Solder quickly and use heat sinks.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>By systematically working through these troubleshooting steps, you have identified and resolved the cause of weak or no sound in your guitar circuit.</p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
</task>